Brother, you are awake
Doctor, thank you so much
brother
Doctor, my brother, does he want to talk?
Why is the poison in Young Master Duan too toxic?
It has hurt his throat
In the short term he will be unable to speak
Can only recover slowly
Poisoned people are so hateful
The person who poisoned must be someone close to Young Master Duan
Why do you say so?
The poison in Young Master Duan is a chronic poison
Slowly introduced into the body by gas
Go through the skull at least three times
and
The dead must have had long-term contact with Young Master Duan
So I concluded
The person who poisoned must be familiar to Young Master Duan
close person
But since my dad passed away
My brother doesn't have anyone close to him anymore.
Your father committed suicide by jumping off a building
When the body was found
It's beyond recognition.
Dr. Ye, it seems that my brother still wants to talk
He must know the poisoned life
Go find the carton pen and let him write it down